Bounty Participation Agreement.md, before:

# Dapper Collectives Bounty Participation Agreement

We’re pleased to invite you to participate in Dapper Labs’ bounty program (the “Program”) under the terms and conditions in this Bounty Participation Agreement (this “Agreement”). By participating and/or submitting a proposal content in this Program, you agree to the following terms and conditions. If your bounty is selected 

# Program Design

The Program has two parts:
- Request For Proposals
- Bounty Submission Agreement.

# Request for Proposal

All bounty opportunities will be listed in GitHub. Each bounty will be classified as either Gold, Silver, or Bronze based on priority and reward amount. You will find all of the information associated with each individual bounty in the listings on the notion page. 

New bounties will be shared via GitHub and Twitter as soon as they become available. We recommend following both accounts and turning on alert notifications to stay current on all opportunities.

After finding a bounty opportunity that you wish to pursue, you may seek to claim the bounty by opening an issue in the relevant repo. This proposal should include a PRD write up/tech spec document that includes all team members, necessary team member information (including the contact information of who we should contact if your PRD should be selected), and why your team is best suited for delivering this bounty. Please ensure that your proposal addresses all milestones outlined in the bounty description. 

All PRDs and all other content or materials submitted by you as part of this Program (“Submitted Content”) must be made public and licensed under an OSI-approved license to be considered. You hereby grant and agree to grant the rights to all Submitted Content under terms of the OSI-approved license specified in your PRD. If no license is specified, you hereby grant and agree to grant all such rights under the Apache 2.0 license. The decision of which PRD to select is based on the judgment of the Dapper Collectives engineering team, in their sole discretion.

The first team that submits a claim proposal via GitHub that is approved by the Dapper Collectives engineering team will have the opportunity to progress to the Bounty Submission Agreement stage. At this point, the bounty will be marked as claimed on all platforms. Once the bounty is claimed, we will contact the team whose PRD is approved to enter into a Bounty Submission Agreement. 

# Bounty Submission Agreement

After contacting you, we will assess your eligibility to participate in the Program, based on compliance with applicable law and the ability to successfully pay you through an appropriate payment provider. 

To be eligible to participate in the Program, you must meet a number of requirements including being at least 18 years old or have reached the age of majority in your jurisdiction of primary residence and citizenship, and other requirements as detailed in the Bounty Submission Agreement.

If you meet these eligibility requirements and enter into Bounty Submission Agreement with us, you’ll start working on the Bounty in stages or milestones as outlined in the bounty description.

For more documentation on the process bounty process, please click here.


# General Terms

Teams that are eligible to receive payments may be required in Dapper’s sole discretion to complete relevant tax forms as a condition of payment.
A prospective PRD may be disqualified from the Program if the participants fail to comply with any provision of these Program terms and conditions, as determined in the sole discretion of Dapper. Participation in the Program is at each entrant’s own risk. Dapper shall not be liable for: (1) failed, returned or misdirected notifications based on inaccurate information provided by the winner in connection with an entry; (2) entries and responses to winner notifications which are lost, late, incomplete, illegible, unintelligible, postage-due, misdirected, damaged or otherwise not received by the intended recipient in whole or in part or for computer or technical error of any kind; (3) any electronic miscommunications or failures, technical hardware or software failures of any kind, lost or unavailable network connections, or failed incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmissions which may limit an entrant's ability to participate in the Contest; (4) any technical malfunctions of the telephone network, computer on-line system, computer equipment, software, program malfunctions or other failures, delayed computer transactions or network connections that are human, mechanical or technical in nature, or any combination thereof, including any injury or damage to entrant's or any other person's computer or mobile device related to or resulting from downloading the App or otherwise in connection with this Contest; or (5) any warranty with respect to any reward or any component thereof. 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE HEREIN OR OTHERWISE, DAPPER AND/OR ITS VENDORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE OR OBLIGATED WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT OR UNDER CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR (A) ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS), (B) DATA LOSS OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, AND/OR (C) ANY MATTER BEYOND SUCH PARTIES’ REASONABLE CONTROL.
By entering the Contest, you agree to and hereby do release and hold harmless Dapper and their respective parents, subsidiaries and affiliated entities, directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, and representatives from any damage, injury, death, loss, claim, action, demand, or other liability (collectively, “Claims”) that may arise from your acceptance, possession and/or use of any payment or your participation in this Contest, or from any misuse or malfunction of any payments awarded, regardless of whether such Claims, or knowledge of the facts constituting such Claims, exist at the time of entry or arise at any time thereafter. Any person attempting to defraud or in any way tamper with this Contest may be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. Dapper reserves the right to modify these Official Rules in any way or at any time. Dapper reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel or suspend this Contest should viruses, bugs or other causes beyond their control corrupt the administration, security or proper operation of the Contest. In the event of cancellation or suspension, Dapper shall promptly post a notice on Dapper’s website to such effect. This Contest shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions. By participating in this Contest, you agree that any dispute or litigation arising from or relating to this Contest shall be determined by binding arbitration only in San Francisco, CA by and under the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Dapper may seek equitable relief in any court of competent jurisdiction. If any provision of these rules is held to be illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these rules otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.

Commit message:

Update Bounty Participation Agreement.md

Bounty Participation Agreement.md, after:

# Dapper Collectives Bounty Participation Agreement

We’re pleased to invite you to participate in Dapper Labs’ bounty program (the “Program”) under the terms and conditions in this Bounty Participation Agreement (this “Agreement”). By participating and/or submitting a proposal content in this Program, you agree to the following terms and conditions. If your bounty is selected 

# Program Design

The Program has two parts:
- Request For Proposals
- Bounty Submission Agreement.

# Request for Proposal

All bounty opportunities will be listed in GitHub. Each bounty will be classified as either Gold, Silver, or Bronze based on priority and reward amount. You will find all of the information associated with each individual bounty in the listings on the notion page. 

New bounties will be shared via GitHub and Twitter as soon as they become available. We recommend following both accounts and turning on alert notifications to stay current on all opportunities.

After finding a bounty opportunity that you wish to pursue, you may seek to claim the bounty by opening an issue in the relevant repo. This proposal should include a PRD write up/tech spec document that includes all team members, necessary team member information (including the contact information of who we should contact if your PRD should be selected), and why your team is best suited for delivering this bounty. Please ensure that your proposal addresses all milestones outlined in the bounty description. 

All PRDs and all other content or materials submitted by you as part of this Program (“Submitted Content”) must be made public and licensed under an OSI-approved license to be considered. You hereby grant and agree to grant the rights to all Submitted Content under terms of the OSI-approved license specified in your PRD. If no license is specified, you hereby grant and agree to grant all such rights under the Apache 2.0 license. The decision of which PRD to select is based on the judgment of the Dapper Collectives engineering team, in their sole discretion.

The first team that submits a claim proposal via GitHub that is approved by the Dapper Collectives engineering team will have the opportunity to progress to the Bounty Submission Agreement stage. At this point, the bounty will be marked as claimed on all platforms. Once the bounty is claimed, we will contact the team whose PRD is approved to enter into a Bounty Submission Agreement. 

To clarify, until such time that you enter into a fully-executed Bounty Submission Agreement with Dapper Collectives, Dapper Labs is under no obligation to compensate you for the public submissions you make during the Request for Proposal period.

# Bounty Submission Agreement

After contacting you, we will assess your eligibility to participate in the Program, based on compliance with applicable law and the ability to successfully pay you through an appropriate payment provider. 

To be eligible to participate in the Program, you must meet a number of requirements including being at least 18 years old or have reached the age of majority in your jurisdiction of primary residence and citizenship, and other requirements as detailed in the Bounty Submission Agreement.

If you meet these eligibility requirements and enter into Bounty Submission Agreement with us, you’ll start working on the Bounty in stages or milestones as outlined in the bounty description.

For more documentation on the process bounty process, please click here.


# General Terms

Teams that are eligible to receive payments may be required in Dapper’s sole discretion to complete relevant tax forms as a condition of payment.
A prospective PRD may be disqualified from the Program if the participants fail to comply with any provision of these Program terms and conditions, as determined in the sole discretion of Dapper. Participation in the Program is at each entrant’s own risk. Dapper shall not be liable for: (1) failed, returned or misdirected notifications based on inaccurate information provided by the winner in connection with an entry; (2) entries and responses to winner notifications which are lost, late, incomplete, illegible, unintelligible, postage-due, misdirected, damaged or otherwise not received by the intended recipient in whole or in part or for computer or technical error of any kind; (3) any electronic miscommunications or failures, technical hardware or software failures of any kind, lost or unavailable network connections, or failed incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmissions which may limit an entrant's ability to participate in the Contest; (4) any technical malfunctions of the telephone network, computer on-line system, computer equipment, software, program malfunctions or other failures, delayed computer transactions or network connections that are human, mechanical or technical in nature, or any combination thereof, including any injury or damage to entrant's or any other person's computer or mobile device related to or resulting from downloading the App or otherwise in connection with this Contest; or (5) any warranty with respect to any reward or any component thereof. 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE HEREIN OR OTHERWISE, DAPPER AND/OR ITS VENDORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE OR OBLIGATED WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT OR UNDER CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR (A) ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS), (B) DATA LOSS OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, AND/OR (C) ANY MATTER BEYOND SUCH PARTIES’ REASONABLE CONTROL.
By entering the Contest, you agree to and hereby do release and hold harmless Dapper and their respective parents, subsidiaries and affiliated entities, directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, and representatives from any damage, injury, death, loss, claim, action, demand, or other liability (collectively, “Claims”) that may arise from your acceptance, possession and/or use of any payment or your participation in this Contest, or from any misuse or malfunction of any payments awarded, regardless of whether such Claims, or knowledge of the facts constituting such Claims, exist at the time of entry or arise at any time thereafter. Any person attempting to defraud or in any way tamper with this Contest may be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. Dapper reserves the right to modify these Official Rules in any way or at any time. Dapper reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel or suspend this Contest should viruses, bugs or other causes beyond their control corrupt the administration, security or proper operation of the Contest. In the event of cancellation or suspension, Dapper shall promptly post a notice on Dapper’s website to such effect. This Contest shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflicts of laws provisions. By participating in this Contest, you agree that any dispute or litigation arising from or relating to this Contest shall be determined by binding arbitration only in San Francisco, CA by and under the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Dapper may seek equitable relief in any court of competent jurisdiction. If any provision of these rules is held to be illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these rules otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
